w-21152135-automation-credits-KS (#386)
mulesoft/docs-general: modules/ROOT/pages/automation-credits-usage-and-rates.adoc

= Automation Credits Usage and Rates

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:page-aliases: rpa-home::ms-automation-credits-usage-types.adoc, idp::ms-automation-credits-usage-types.adoc
```
Add this line to create redirects from the RPA and IDP repositories.

Your MuleSoft Automation subscription plan includes a quota of Automation Credits that depletes as you create and execute automations.

> Credit usage rates differ for different subscription plans. Refer to the article that corresponds to your subscription plan as shown in the following table:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Credit usage rates differ for different subscription plans. See the article that corresponds to your subscription plan in this table:
```

| Automation Starter +
Automation Advanced +
Automation for vCore/Core +
Additional Automation Credits
| xref:mulesoft-automation-credits-2-0.adoc[MuleSoft Automation Credits 2.0]

| MuleSoft - Automation +
MuleSoft - Automation - (Gold, Platinum, Titanium Edition) +
MuleSoft - Automation for Salesforce +
MuleSoft - Automation for Salesforce - (Gold, Platinum, Titanium Edition) +
MuleSoft - Automation - Additional Credits (100) +
MuleSoft - Automation - Additional Credits (100) - (Gold, Platinum, Titanium)
| xref:mulesoft-automation-credits-1-0.adoc[MuleSoft Automation Credits 1.0]
|===

== MuleSoft Automation Credits

A quantity of Automation Credits is included with certain MuleSoft Services, with the specific entitlement indicated on the Usage Details table on the Order Form for such Services. Automation Credits are consumed as you create and execute automations based on the rates in the following table. While MuleSoft Automation Credits 1.0 uses a conversion-based model, MuleSoft Automation Credits 2.0 and 3.0 use multiplier rates. Credit usage rates differ by subscription plan. Refer to the column that corresponds to your credit system.

> *Important*: As of February 18, 2026, Flow Orchestration is free for customers in Enterprise and higher editions. For customers on other editions, the https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=platform.flow_considerations_limit.htm&type=5[General Flow Limits^] apply.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: As of February 18, 2026, Flow Orchestration is free for customers in Enterprise and higher editions. For customers on other editions, the https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=platform.flow_considerations_limit.htm&type=5[General Flow Limits^] apply.
```

Reviewer 2: Formatting this way will add the text in a border. Like this [example](https://docs.mulesoft.com/api-experience-hub/connecting-to-salesforce#connect-to-salesforce)

|===

*Note*: Quoting rules generally prevent you from holding both MuleSoft Automation credits 2.0 and 3.0 simultaneously. However, if you have both MuleSoft Automation credits 2.0 and 3.0, the system sends all usage data to the Digital Wallet to provide a single, centralized view of consumption.

== Viewing Usage and Billing

The method for viewing usage and handling billing varies based on the type of Automation purchase.

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Usage Type | Usage Visibility | Billing (monthly statements and overage)

| MuleSoft Automation Credits 3.0
| Digital Wallet (and optionally Anypoint Usage Reports if you have an Anypoint Platform org)
| Digital Wallet

| MuleSoft Automation Credits 2.0
| Anypoint Usage Reports
| Sequoia

| MuleSoft Automation Credits 1.0
| Anypoint Usage Reports
| Sequoia
|===

== Monthly Account Summary Emails

Salesforce sends usage-based billing reports to every MuleSoft Composer, Intelligent Document Processing (IDP), and Robotic Process Automation (RPA) customer on the 10th day of each month. By default, Salesforce sends these emails to the account's billing contact.

> For additional information about the reports, the list of recipients, and other details, see the https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=000390885&type=1[Monthly Account Summary Email FAQ^].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about the reports, the list of recipients, and other details, see the https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=000390885&type=1[Monthly Account Summary Email FAQ^].
```

| Not Available
| Not Available

| *RPA Bot Minutes*
| Not Available
| 80 credits per RPA Bot minute. +
Usage calculated by multiplying the raw execution minutes by a constant multiplier.
| 2 RPA Bot minutes per credit. +
Usage calculated by summing the total execution time (in seconds) of all RPA processes over the subscription term. This total is converted to minutes and then to credits. MuleSoft adds all the RPA execution times in seconds for the period and converts the total into minutes with two decimal precision.

| *RPA API Calls*
| Not Available
| 2 credits per successful call to the RPA Manager or RPA Bot API. +
Usage calculated per individual request.
| 100 Bot API calls per credit. +
Usage calculated by summing the total calls made to the RPA Manager or RPA Bot API to trigger processes or retrieve status.

| *Composer Tasks*
| Not Available
| 2 credits per task. +
Usage calculated using a multiplier in which each successful connector action consumes 2 credits.
| 50 tasks per credit. +
Usage calculated based on allowance in which 1 credit entitles you to 50 tasks. A task is any successful action performed by a connector.
|===

> *NOTE*: Quoting rules generally prevent you from holding both MuleSoft Automation credits 2.0 and 3.0 simultaneously. However, if you have both MuleSoft Automation credits 2.0 and 3.0, the system sends all usage data to the Digital Wallet to provide a single, centralized view of consumption.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: Quoting rules generally prevent you from holding both MuleSoft Automation credits 2.0 and 3.0 simultaneously. However, if you have both MuleSoft Automation credits 2.0 and 3.0, the system sends all usage data to the Digital Wallet to provide a single, centralized view of consumption.
```
